README.md, before:

# Description

This is a Ruby on Rails server application that serves as the
counterpart for JOSM's "separate data store" plugin which lives
at http://svn.openstreetmap.org/applications/editors/josm/sds/.

It can store extra tags for OSM objects and deliver them to
JOSM where they are processed like normal tags.

# More Documentation

See the [.odt/.pdf documentation in the "doc" folder.](doc/sds.pdf)

# Open Source License

This code was was originally written by Christine Karch
<karchgeofabrik.de> as part of a Geofabrik contract
for the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team. HOT's work 
in Indonesia is sponsored by the Australia-Indonesia 
Facility for Disaster Reduction grant.

This code is licensed under the revised BSD license a.k.a
2-clause BSD license or FreeBSD license.  The standard 
license boilerplate text follows below.

This repository contains required parts of the OpenLayers and
JQuery Javascript libaries. OpenLayers uses the same BSD 
license as this code. JQuery is licensed under the MIT license
or the GNU GPL v2 (your choice).

This repository also contains a few icons from the free "Snow" 
icon set by The IconBlock Ltd.: http://iconblock.com/goodies/icons/

Copyright (c) 2012 Geofabrik GmbH
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

fix links to docs and plugin code
Links to docs and plugin code seemed to be broken (after repos were re-arranged I guess). Fixed. Also added a slight bit more description in this readme.

README.md, after:

# Description

This is a Ruby on Rails server application that serves as the
counterpart for JOSM's "separate data store" plugin which lives 
at http://svn.openstreetmap.org/applications/editors/josm/plugins/sds/ 

This enables JOSM users to record additional data
with OSM objects, storing that additional data in a different repository.
It can store extra tags for OSM objects and deliver them to
JOSM where they are processed like normal tags.

# More Documentation

See the [.odt/.pdf documentation in the "doc" folder.](sds-server/doc/sds.pdf)

# Open Source License

This code was was originally written by Christine Karch
<karchgeofabrik.de> as part of a Geofabrik contract
for the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team. HOT's work 
in Indonesia is sponsored by the Australia-Indonesia 
Facility for Disaster Reduction grant.

This code is licensed under the revised BSD license a.k.a
2-clause BSD license or FreeBSD license.  The standard 
license boilerplate text follows below.

This repository contains required parts of the OpenLayers and
JQuery Javascript libaries. OpenLayers uses the same BSD 
license as this code. JQuery is licensed under the MIT license
or the GNU GPL v2 (your choice).

This repository also contains a few icons from the free "Snow" 
icon set by The IconBlock Ltd.: http://iconblock.com/goodies/icons/

Copyright (c) 2012 Geofabrik GmbH
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
